1. DESCRIPTION OF THE PROBLEM

1.1 INTRODUCTION:
    Canada is one of the countries with the most immigrants. Many people need lots of research for good housing price, school for their children...
    The aim of this project is create an analysis of features in Scarborough to find out the best neighborhood. So, I will do a comparative analysis between neighborhoods. This features will be housing price, schools, crime rates, road connectivity, weather conditions,and  water resources.

Scarborough is one of the most diverse and multicultural areas in Toronto Area, being home to various religious groups and places of worship. Although immigration has become a hot topic over the past few years with more governments seeking more restrictions on immigrants and refugees, the general trend of immigration into Canada has been one of on the rise.

It will help people to get awareness of the area and neighborhood before moving to a new city, state, country or place for their work or to start a new fresh life.

2. SOLVE THE PROBLEM

Will use Scarborough dataset which we scrapped from wikipedia on Week 3. Dataset consisting of latitude and longitude, zip codes.
Data Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_postal_codes_of_Canada:_M

Foursquare API Data:
We will need data about different venues in different neighborhoods of that specific borough.So, we will use "Foursquare" locational information. Foursquare is a location data provider with information about all manner of venues and events within an area of interest.As such, the foursquare location platform will be used as the sole data source since all the stated required information can be obtained through the API.

After finding the list of neighborhoods, we then connect to the Foursquare API to gather information about venues inside each and every neighborhood. For each neighborhood, we have chosen the radius to be 100 meter.

The data retrieved from Foursquare contained information of venues within a specified distance of the longitude and latitude of the postcodes. The information obtained per venue as follows:

    1. Neighborhood
    2. Neighborhood Latitude
    3. Neighborhood Longitude
    4. Venue
    5. Name of the venue e.g. the name of a store or restaurant
    6. Venue Latitude
    7. Venue Longitude
    8. Venue Category

3. Methodology section
Clustering Approach:
To compare the similarities of two cities, we decided to explore neighborhoods, segment them, and group them into clusters to find similar neighborhoods in a big city like New York and Toronto. To be able to do that, we need to cluster data which is a form of unsupervised machine learning: k-means clustering algorithm.

4. Results section
I have problem with the forsquare, and I couldn't get my ID.
I cant to solve it. and I need to send this project today.
So, I did a dataframe with the dates of neighborhood in Toronto. And I get the coordinates and I did a map of Scarborough.

